Iran's foreign ministers accusing the
White House of
hypocrisy today the region is a powder
keg the US security establishment has
directing the war and occupied Palestine
the Zionist regime is suffering internal
collapse I talked to Russian foreign
minister lavro and we are Consulting
with China as well that a resolution
against the interests of Palestinians
will not be adopted at the UN Security
Council Palestinian resistance groups
say they're ready for a long military
conflict they said Israel targets
civilians including women and children
the US has sent messages to Lebanon
hisbah asking not to open a new front in
the conflict we've received messages
asking us to practice restraint and also
asked us to invite others to show
restraint but the us over the past two
weeks has been sending military
equipment to Israel so how can they say
they don't want the expansion of War now
I'm saying to Biden stop your hypocrisy
dors jabari's got more from the Iranian
Capital Iranian foreign minister Hussein
Amir Abdullah hyan made it very clear
that he's been making all kinds of
efforts on the Diplomatic front to try
and deescalate the situation but also
bring some kind of uh resolution to the
humanitarian crisis that is unfolding in
Gaza the Iranian foreign minister said
he spoken to the leader of Hamas as well
as Islamic Jihad over the past 24 hours
during which the men discussed the
ongoing conflict and uh the two
Palestinian men made it very clear that
they understand this could be a long
Hall at this conflict and they are ready
for the long fight the Iranian foreign
minister also for the first time said
that Iran has been receiving messages
through a third party from the United
States urging uh the Iranians to show
restraint as well as to exert their
influence on the uh various groups in
the region for them not to escalate the
situation but the foreign minister made
it very clear that these groups are
independent of Iran and they act of
their own valtion he also said that uh
the hypocrisy that the United States has
displayed has never been more evident he
said they're talking about us showing
self rest restraint when they themselves
have been supplying weapons for the past
2 weeks to Israel and also moving their
warships closer in this region uh he had
the following message for US President
Joe Biden Hussein Amir Abdullah hyan
says how can you talk how can you say
that they um you don't want an expansion
of this war and now I'm saying to Biden
stop your hypocrisy those words from the
foreign minister he also said that he's
been meeting with the Russian foreign
minister here in tan uh Sergey lavro
during which the meetings he talked
about uh China as well as Russia using
their veto power at the security Council
to prevent the United States from
passing through any kind of a security
Council resolution uh on uh the ongoing
war in Gaza dorsa Jabari Al jazer tahan